A person who has never made a mistake never tried anything new
Life is about making an impact, not making an income
We become what we think about
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value
Don't forget to take the time to learn something new!
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it
The best revenge is massive success
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. That is why we recommend it daily.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something
Don't forget to re-read your vision and reflect on what it means to you
The sooner you make your first five thousand mistakes, the sooner you will be able to correct them
Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Every day may not be GOOD - but there is GOOD in everyday.
If your culture doesn't like geeks then you're in real trouble::billgatesgeeks
A problem can have multiple solutions but too often we try to solve DIFFERENT problems with the same solution::problemsolution
Stay away from negative people they have a problem for every solution::einstien
Don't be afraid of loosing people, be afraid of loosing yourself pleasing other people::pleasing
Wisdom does not mean you have all the answers, it simply means you know how to learn from mistakes of the past::bradonwisdom
Remember failure is an EVENT not a PERSON::gwfailure
Courage isn't a matter of not being frightened you know. It's being afraid and doing what you have to do anyway::tardiscourage
An expert is not someone that gives you the right answer, it is someone that asks you the right question::goldrattexpert
